Scenario 40: Whenever a user gets deactivated from org, then assign all Open opportunity records to the manager.

Scenario 41: Trigger to show maximum closed opportunity amount on  an account without using Aggregate function.

Scenario 42: Trigger to prevent deactivation of an account if there’s an active contact on it.

Scenario 43: Trigger to create a related contact whenever create-contact-checkbox is checked on Account updation or insertion.

Scenario 17: Enforce single Primary Contact on Account.

Scenario 18: Automatically Close opportunities with probability greater than and equal to 70% when checkbox is checked on Account.

Scenario 19: Automatically create elated Contact on insertion of Account and update Client Contact lookup field.

Scenario 20: Trigger to count number of OpportunityLineItems associated with an Opportunity and display the count on the Account's custom field.

Scenario 21: Trigger to automate Asset creation nd linking with Account on Insertion of OpportunityLineItem

Scenario 22: Prevent insertion of OpportunityLineItem if Family and Product Family fields of Product and Opportunity do not match.

Scenario 23: Write an Apex Trigger that create or update Tasks based on oppportunity stage changes

Scenario 24: Trigger to count OpportunityLineItem whose ListPrice > 50,000 associated with Opportunity nd display that count on Account's ustom field.

Scenario 25: Trigger to update Account's description by OpportunityLineItem's description which is associated with Opportunity.

Scenario 16: Trigger to Update the Parent Account field with the Opportunity Name that has the highest Amount

Scenario 15: Trigger to update techfirm's fields max salary and min salary whenever its child employee__c is inserted, updated deleted or undeleted.

SCENARIO 14: Send Email to the related contacts whenever type field on account is updated.

Scenario 13: Prevent duplication of Contact records based on Email & Phone.

Scenario 12: When a case is inserted on any account, put the latest case number on the account in Latest Case Inserted field.

Scenario 11: Trigger to show an error if there are already two contacts present on an account and the user tries to add one more contact on it.

Scenario 10: Trigger to prevent a user from deleting an Active account.

Scenario 9: Trigger on the Account when the account is updated, check all the opportunities related to the account. Update all the opportunities stage to closed lost if an opportunity created date is greater than 30 days from today and stage is not equal to close won.

Scenario 8: Trigger to find sum of all related opportunities Amount of an Account.

Scenario 7: Trigger to create a related contact of Account with the same phone as Account’s phone if custom checkbox field on Account is checked.

Scenario 6: Trigger to prevent duplication of account records based on name whenever an account is inserted or updated.

Scenario 5: Trigger to count the number of contacts associated with an account and display the count on the Account’s custom field.